docs/api-docs/cmds.md, before:

# `Cmds`

The `Cmd` module provides access to all of the functions you'll need to
create and represent different kinds of cmd objects to redux-loop's
cmd-processor. Every cmd object is simply a plain JavaScript object that
describes to the store how to process it. Cmd objects are never executed in
the reducer, leaving your reducer pure and testable.

## Cmd object-generators

A Cmd object (generated by `Cmd.map()`, `Cmd.run()`, `Cmd.action()`, etc.)
has the following minimum parameters and shape:

```js
  [Symbol.for('isCmd')]: true,
  type: String,
  simulate: Function
```


### `Cmd.none`

`none` is a no-op effect that you can use for convenience when building custom
effect creators from the ones provided. Since it does not resolve to an action
it doesn't cause any side effects to actually occur.

#### Simulation

Simulating `Cmd.none` always returns null.

```js
expect(Cmd.none.simulate()).toBe(null); //parameter is ignored
```

#### Examples

```js
// The following two expressions are equivalent when processed by the store.

return loop(
  { ...state, someProp: action.payload },
  Cmd.none
);

// ...

return { ...state, someProp: action.payload }
```

### `Cmd.action(actionToDispatch)`

`action()` allows you to schedule a plain action object for dispatch after the
current dispatch is complete. It can be useful for initiating multiple sequences
that run in parallel but don't need to communicate or complete at the same time.
Make sure your action creator is pure if creating an action from a reducer.

* `actionToDispatch: Action` &ndash; a plain object with a `type` property that the store
  can dispatch.

#### Simulation

Simulating `action` always returns `actionToDispatch`.

```js
const action = {type: 'type', foo: 123};
const cmd = Cmd.action(action);
expect(cmd.simulate()).toEqual(action); //parameter is ignored
```

#### Examples

```js
// Once the store has finished updating this part of the state with the new
// result where `someProp` is set to `action.payload` it will schedule another
// dispatch for the action SOME_ACTION.
return loop(
  { ...state, someProp: action.payload },
  Cmd.action({ type: 'SOME_ACTION' })
);
```

### `Cmd.run(func, options)`

`run()` allows you to declaratively schedule a function to be called with some
arguments and dispatch actions based on the results. This
allows you to represent almost any kind of runnable process to the store without
sacrificing functional purity or having to encapsulate implicit state outside
of your reducer. Keep in mind, functions that are handed off to the store with `run()`
are never invoked in the reducer, only by the store during your application's
runtime. You can invoke a reducer that returns a `run()` effect as many times
as you want and always get the same result by deep-equality without triggering
any side-effect function calls in the process.

By default, if func returns a promise, that promise's resolution and rejection
values are used in the success and fail action creators (if provided). If func does
not return a promise, the return value is used for the success action creator, and
the fail action creator is only used if an error is thrown.

If a run Cmd is used in a list with batch set to `true` and func returns a
promise, the list will not finish until the returned promise
resolves/rejects. If a promise is not returned, the batched list does not
wait. You can prevent waiting for a single long-running asynchronous cmd
object by using the `forceSync` option on that individual cmd object. If you
do, you won't be able to use the action creator options to handle the result
of the cmd object.

* `func: (...Array<any>) => any` &ndash; a function to run

* `options.successActionCreator: (any) => Action` &ndash; an optional function that that takes the promise resolution value (if func returns a promise) or the return value (if func does not return a promise) and returns an action which will be dispatched.

* `options.failActionCreator: (any) => Action` &ndash; an optional function that that takes the promise rejection value (if func returns a promise) or the thrown error (if func throws) and returns an action which will be dispatched. This should not be omitted if the function is expected to potentially throw an exception. Exceptions are re-thrown if there is no fail handler.

* `options.args: Array<any>` &ndash; an optional array of arguments to call `func` with.

* `options.forceSync: boolean` &ndash; if true, this cmd object will finish synchronously even if func returns a promise. Useful if the cmd object runs as part of a list with `batch` set to `true` but you don't care about the result of this cmd object and want the list to finish faster.

* `options.testInvariants: boolean` &ndash; Normally, if your action creators are not functions or `args` is not an array, an error will be thrown (unless you are in production). You can turn this off in testing environments by using this option. NOTE: ONLY DO THIS IN TESTS. IF YOU DO THIS IN PRODUCTION, IT WILL THROW. This is useful if you want to do something like:

```js
expect(cmd).toEqual(Cmd.run(foo, {
  testInvariants: true,
  successActionCreator: jasmine.any(Function) //replace with your testing library's equivalent matcher
}));
```

because `jasmine.any(Function)` is not a function.

#### Simulation

`run()` cmd simulations pass the result through the correct action creator (depending on the success property passed) and return the resulting action.

If there is no corresponding action creator on the cmd object, `null` is returned.

```js
const cmd = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  successActionCreator: result => actionCreator(result, 'hard coded');
});
expect(cmd.simulate({success: true, result: 123})).toEqual(actionCreator(123, 'hard coded'));
expect(cmd.simulate({success: false, result: 123})).toBe(null);
```

#### Examples

```js
import { loop, Cmd } from 'redux-loop';

function fetchUser(userId) {
  return fetch(`/api/users/${userId}`);
}

function userFetchSuccessfulAction(user) {
  return {
    type: 'USER_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL',
    user
  };
}

function userFetchFailedAction(err) {
  return {
    type: 'USER_FETCH_ERROR',
    err
  };
}

function reducer(state , action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'INIT':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.run(fetchUser, {
        successActionCreator: userFetchSuccessfulAction,
        failActionCreator: userFetchFailedAction,
        args: ['123']
      })
    );

  case 'USER_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL':
    return {...state, user: action.user};
    
  case 'USER_FETCH_FAILED':
    return {...state, error: action.error};
    
  default:
    return state;
  }
}
```

### `Cmd.list(cmds, options)`

`list()` allows you to group cmd objects as a single cmd to be run all together. Use the options to choose when you want the individual cmd objects to run and when the resulting actions are dispatched. The default behavior is to run each cmd object simultaneously and dispatch the results as soon as possible.

* `cmds: Array<Cmd>` &ndash; an array of cmd objects returned by any of the other cmd functions, or even nested calls to `Cmd.list`.
* `options.sequence: boolean` &ndash; By default, asynchronous cmd objects all run immediately and in parallel. If `sequence` is `true`, each cmd object will wait for the previous cmd object to resolve before starting. Note: this does not have an effect if all cmd objects are synchronous.
* `options.batch: boolean` &ndash; By default, actions from nested cmd objects will be dispatched as soon as that cmd object finishes. If `batch` is `true`, no actions will be dispatched until all of the cmd objects are resolved/finished. The actions will then be dispatched all at once in the order of the original cmd array.
* `options.testInvariants: boolean` &ndash; Normally, if the first parameter to `Cmd.list()` is not an array of cmd objects, an error will be thrown (unless you are in production). You can turn this off in testing environments by using this option. NOTE: ONLY DO THIS IN TESTS. IF YOU DO THIS IN PRODUCTION, IT WILL THROW. This is useful if you want to pass a custom object from your test library to verify a subset of cmd objects, such as `jasmine.arrayContaining(someCmd)`.

#### Simulation

Simulating `list()` simulates all of its child cmd objects and returns an array of the results. The resulting array has `null`s filtered out and is flattened.

To simulate `list()`, pass an array of parameters to be passed to the corresponding cmd objects for simulation.

```js
const cmd1 = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  successActionCreator: result => actionCreator(result, 'hard coded')
});
const cmd2 = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  failActionCreator: result => actionCreator2(result, 'foo')
});
const list = Cmd.list([cmd1, cmd2]);
const result = list.simulate([{success: true, result: 123}, {success: false, result: 456}]);
expect(result).toEqual([actionCreator(123, 'hard coded'), actionCreator2(456, 'foo')]);
```

#### Examples

```js
import { loop, Cmd } from 'redux-loop';

function reducer(state , action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'INIT':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.list([
        Cmd.run(fetchUser, {
          successActionCreator: userFetchSuccessfulAction
          failActionCreator: userFetchFailedAction,
          args: ['123']
        }),
        Cmd.run(fetchItem, {
          successActionCreator: itemFetchSuccessfulAction,
          failActionCreator: itemFetchFailedAction,
          args: ['456']
        })
      ])
    );

  case 'USER_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL':
    return {...state, user: action.user};

  case 'USER_FETCH_FAILED':
    return {...state, userError: action.error};

  case 'ITEM_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL':
    return {...state, item: action.item};

  case 'ITEM_FETCH_FAILED':
    return {...state, itemError: action.error};

  default:
    return state;
  }
}
```

### `Cmd.map(cmd, higherOrderActionCreator, [...additionalArgs])`

`map()` allows you to take an existing cmd object from a nested reducer in your
state and lift it to a more general action in which the resulting action is
nested. This enables you to build your reducer in a fractal-like fashion, in
which all of the logic for a particular slice of your state is totally
encapsulated and actions can be simply directed to the reducer for that slice.

If you want to `map()` a nested `list` cmd object, it's important to enable the `batch` option on the list. Otherwise, the `list` does not return any of the dispatched actions as they are all dispatched while running the `list` Cmd.

* `cmd: Cmd` &ndash; a cmd, the resulting action of which will be passed to `higherOrderActionCreator` to be nested into a higher-order action.
* `higherOrderActionCreator` &ndash; an action creator function which will accept an action, or optionally some other arguments followed by an action, and return a new action in which the previous action was nested.
* `additionalArgs` &ndash; a list of additional arguments to pass to `higherOrderActionCreator` before passing in the action from the cmd object.

#### Simulation

Simulating a `map` cmd simulates the nested cmd and passes the result through `tagger`. If the result is an array of actions, all of them are passed through `tagger`. If args are provided to the cmd, they are passed to `tagger`.

```js
const cmd1 = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  successActionCreator: result => actionCreator(result, 'hard coded')
});

const map = Cmd.map(cmd1, actionCreator2, 'extra arg');
const result = map.simulate({success: true, result: 123});
expect(result).toEqual(actionCreator2('extra arg', actionCreator(123, 'hard coded')));
```

#### Examples

**nestedState.js**
```js
function incrementAsync(amount) {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    setTimeout(() => (
      resolve(amount)
    ), 100);
  });
}

function incrementStart(amount) {
  return { type: 'INCREMENT_START', payload: amount };
}

function nestedReducer(state = 0, action) {
  switch (action.type) {
    case 'INCREMENT_START':
      return loop(
        state,
        Cmd.run(incrementAsync, {
           successActionCreator: incrementSuccessAction,
           failActionCreator: incremenetFailedAction,
           args: [action.payload]
        })
      );
    case 'INCREMENT':
      return loop(
        state + action.payload,
        Cmd.none
      );
    default:
      return loop(
        state,
        Cmd.none
      );
  }
}
```

**topState.js**
```js
import nestedReducer from './nestedState';

function nestedAction(action) {
  return { type: 'NESTED_ACTION', payload: action };
}

function reducer(state = { /* ... */ }, action) {
  switch(action.type) {
    // ... other top-level things

    case 'NESTED_ACTION':
      const [model, cmd] = nestedReducer(state.nestedCount, action.payload);
      return loop(
        { ...state, nestedCount: model },
        Cmd.map(cmd, nestedAction)
      );

    default:
      return state;
  }
}
```

## Cmd helper symbols

### `Cmd.getState`

A symbol that can be passed to a cmd object as an arg (from a reducer) that will be replaced at the time the function is called with the `getState()` method from the store.

#### Example

```js
import {loop, Cmd} from 'redux-loop';
import {doSomething} from 'something.js';
import {doSomethingResultAction} from './actions.js';
function reducer(state, action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'ACTION':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.run(doSomething, {
         successActionCreator: doSomethingResultAction,
         args: [Cmd.getState]
      })
    );
  default:
    return state;
  }
}

//something.js
export function doSomething(getState) {
  let value = getState().some.random.value;
  console.log(value);
}
```

### `Cmd.dispatch`

A symbol that can be passed to a cmd object as an arg (from a reducer) that will be replaced at the time the function is called with the `dispatch` method from the store.

#### Example

```js
import {loop, Cmd} from 'redux-loop';
import {doSomething} from 'something.js';
import {doSomethingResultAction} from './actions.js';
function reducer(state, action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'ACTION':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.run(doSomething, {
         successActionCreator: doSomethingResultAction,
         args: [Cmd.dispatch]
      })
    );
  default:
    return state;
  }
}

//something.js
export function doSomething(dispatch) {
  let value = someThing();
  if(value === 123) {
    dispatch(valueIs123Action());
  }
  return value;
}
```

Commit message:

Add illustration for Cmd.list batch option

docs/api-docs/cmds.md, after:

# `Cmds`

The `Cmd` module provides access to all of the functions you'll need to
create and represent different kinds of cmd objects to redux-loop's
cmd-processor. Every cmd object is simply a plain JavaScript object that
describes to the store how to process it. Cmd objects are never executed in
the reducer, leaving your reducer pure and testable.

## Cmd object-generators

A Cmd object (generated by `Cmd.map()`, `Cmd.run()`, `Cmd.action()`, etc.)
has the following minimum parameters and shape:

```js
  [Symbol.for('isCmd')]: true,
  type: String,
  simulate: Function
```


### `Cmd.none`

`none` is a no-op effect that you can use for convenience when building custom
effect creators from the ones provided. Since it does not resolve to an action
it doesn't cause any side effects to actually occur.

#### Simulation

Simulating `Cmd.none` always returns null.

```js
expect(Cmd.none.simulate()).toBe(null); //parameter is ignored
```

#### Examples

```js
// The following two expressions are equivalent when processed by the store.

return loop(
  { ...state, someProp: action.payload },
  Cmd.none
);

// ...

return { ...state, someProp: action.payload }
```

### `Cmd.action(actionToDispatch)`

`action()` allows you to schedule a plain action object for dispatch after the
current dispatch is complete. It can be useful for initiating multiple sequences
that run in parallel but don't need to communicate or complete at the same time.
Make sure your action creator is pure if creating an action from a reducer.

* `actionToDispatch: Action` &ndash; a plain object with a `type` property that the store
  can dispatch.

#### Simulation

Simulating `action` always returns `actionToDispatch`.

```js
const action = {type: 'type', foo: 123};
const cmd = Cmd.action(action);
expect(cmd.simulate()).toEqual(action); //parameter is ignored
```

#### Examples

```js
// Once the store has finished updating this part of the state with the new
// result where `someProp` is set to `action.payload` it will schedule another
// dispatch for the action SOME_ACTION.
return loop(
  { ...state, someProp: action.payload },
  Cmd.action({ type: 'SOME_ACTION' })
);
```

### `Cmd.run(func, options)`

`run()` allows you to declaratively schedule a function to be called with some
arguments and dispatch actions based on the results. This
allows you to represent almost any kind of runnable process to the store without
sacrificing functional purity or having to encapsulate implicit state outside
of your reducer. Keep in mind, functions that are handed off to the store with `run()`
are never invoked in the reducer, only by the store during your application's
runtime. You can invoke a reducer that returns a `run()` effect as many times
as you want and always get the same result by deep-equality without triggering
any side-effect function calls in the process.

By default, if func returns a promise, that promise's resolution and rejection
values are used in the success and fail action creators (if provided). If func does
not return a promise, the return value is used for the success action creator, and
the fail action creator is only used if an error is thrown.

If a run Cmd is used in a list with batch set to `true` and func returns a
promise, the list will not finish until the returned promise
resolves/rejects. If a promise is not returned, the batched list does not
wait. You can prevent waiting for a single long-running asynchronous cmd
object by using the `forceSync` option on that individual cmd object. If you
do, you won't be able to use the action creator options to handle the result
of the cmd object.

* `func: (...Array<any>) => any` &ndash; a function to run

* `options.successActionCreator: (any) => Action` &ndash; an optional function that that takes the promise resolution value (if func returns a promise) or the return value (if func does not return a promise) and returns an action which will be dispatched.

* `options.failActionCreator: (any) => Action` &ndash; an optional function that that takes the promise rejection value (if func returns a promise) or the thrown error (if func throws) and returns an action which will be dispatched. This should not be omitted if the function is expected to potentially throw an exception. Exceptions are re-thrown if there is no fail handler.

* `options.args: Array<any>` &ndash; an optional array of arguments to call `func` with.

* `options.forceSync: boolean` &ndash; if true, this cmd object will finish synchronously even if func returns a promise. Useful if the cmd object runs as part of a list with `batch` set to `true` but you don't care about the result of this cmd object and want the list to finish faster.

* `options.testInvariants: boolean` &ndash; Normally, if your action creators are not functions or `args` is not an array, an error will be thrown (unless you are in production). You can turn this off in testing environments by using this option. NOTE: ONLY DO THIS IN TESTS. IF YOU DO THIS IN PRODUCTION, IT WILL THROW. This is useful if you want to do something like:

```js
expect(cmd).toEqual(Cmd.run(foo, {
  testInvariants: true,
  successActionCreator: jasmine.any(Function) //replace with your testing library's equivalent matcher
}));
```

because `jasmine.any(Function)` is not a function.

#### Simulation

`run()` cmd simulations pass the result through the correct action creator (depending on the success property passed) and return the resulting action.

If there is no corresponding action creator on the cmd object, `null` is returned.

```js
const cmd = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  successActionCreator: result => actionCreator(result, 'hard coded');
});
expect(cmd.simulate({success: true, result: 123})).toEqual(actionCreator(123, 'hard coded'));
expect(cmd.simulate({success: false, result: 123})).toBe(null);
```

#### Examples

```js
import { loop, Cmd } from 'redux-loop';

function fetchUser(userId) {
  return fetch(`/api/users/${userId}`);
}

function userFetchSuccessfulAction(user) {
  return {
    type: 'USER_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL',
    user
  };
}

function userFetchFailedAction(err) {
  return {
    type: 'USER_FETCH_ERROR',
    err
  };
}

function reducer(state , action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'INIT':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.run(fetchUser, {
        successActionCreator: userFetchSuccessfulAction,
        failActionCreator: userFetchFailedAction,
        args: ['123']
      })
    );

  case 'USER_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL':
    return {...state, user: action.user};
    
  case 'USER_FETCH_FAILED':
    return {...state, error: action.error};
    
  default:
    return state;
  }
}
```

### `Cmd.list(cmds, options)`

`list()` allows you to group cmd objects as a single cmd to be run all together. Use the options to choose when you want the individual cmd objects to run and when the resulting actions are dispatched. The default behavior is to run each cmd object simultaneously and dispatch the results as soon as possible.

* `cmds: Array<Cmd>` &ndash; an array of cmd objects returned by any of the other cmd functions, or even nested calls to `Cmd.list`.
* `options.sequence: boolean` &ndash; By default, asynchronous cmd objects all run immediately and in parallel. If `sequence` is `true`, each cmd object will wait for the previous cmd object to resolve before starting. Note: this does not have an effect if all cmd objects are synchronous.
* `options.batch: boolean` &ndash; By default, actions from nested cmd objects will be dispatched as soon as that cmd object finishes. If `batch` is `true`, no actions will be dispatched until all of the cmd objects are resolved/finished. The actions will then be dispatched all at once in the order of the original cmd array.
* `options.testInvariants: boolean` &ndash; Normally, if the first parameter to `Cmd.list()` is not an array of cmd objects, an error will be thrown (unless you are in production). You can turn this off in testing environments by using this option. NOTE: ONLY DO THIS IN TESTS. IF YOU DO THIS IN PRODUCTION, IT WILL THROW. This is useful if you want to pass a custom object from your test library to verify a subset of cmd objects, such as `jasmine.arrayContaining(someCmd)`.

#### Simulation

Simulating `list()` simulates all of its child cmd objects and returns an array of the results. The resulting array has `null`s filtered out and is flattened.

To simulate `list()`, pass an array of parameters to be passed to the corresponding cmd objects for simulation.

```js
const cmd1 = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  successActionCreator: result => actionCreator(result, 'hard coded')
});
const cmd2 = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  failActionCreator: result => actionCreator2(result, 'foo')
});
const list = Cmd.list([cmd1, cmd2]);
const result = list.simulate([{success: true, result: 123}, {success: false, result: 456}]);
expect(result).toEqual([actionCreator(123, 'hard coded'), actionCreator2(456, 'foo')]);
```

#### Examples

```js
import { loop, Cmd } from 'redux-loop';

function reducer(state , action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'INIT':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.list([
        Cmd.run(fetchUser, {
          successActionCreator: userFetchSuccessfulAction
          failActionCreator: userFetchFailedAction,
          args: ['123']
        }),
        Cmd.run(fetchItem, {
          successActionCreator: itemFetchSuccessfulAction,
          failActionCreator: itemFetchFailedAction,
          args: ['456']
        })
      ])
    );

  case 'USER_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL':
    return {...state, user: action.user};

  case 'USER_FETCH_FAILED':
    return {...state, userError: action.error};

  case 'ITEM_FETCH_SUCCESSFUL':
    return {...state, item: action.item};

  case 'ITEM_FETCH_FAILED':
    return {...state, itemError: action.error};

  default:
    return state;
  }
}
```

#### `batch` option

If you find the difference between `batch` options confusing, the picture below may help.

`{batch: false}` (default) - dispatches the action as soon as the individual cmd Promise is resolved (or immediately for synchronous operations)
![batch: false](./figures/batch-false.svg)

`{batch: true}` - waits for all the individual Promises in the list to be resolved, before dispatching any action
![batch: true](./figures/batch-true.svg)

### `Cmd.map(cmd, higherOrderActionCreator, [...additionalArgs])`

`map()` allows you to take an existing cmd object from a nested reducer in your
state and lift it to a more general action in which the resulting action is
nested. This enables you to build your reducer in a fractal-like fashion, in
which all of the logic for a particular slice of your state is totally
encapsulated and actions can be simply directed to the reducer for that slice.

If you want to `map()` a nested `list` cmd object, it's important to enable the `batch` option on the list. Otherwise, the `list` does not return any of the dispatched actions as they are all dispatched while running the `list` Cmd.

* `cmd: Cmd` &ndash; a cmd, the resulting action of which will be passed to `higherOrderActionCreator` to be nested into a higher-order action.
* `higherOrderActionCreator` &ndash; an action creator function which will accept an action, or optionally some other arguments followed by an action, and return a new action in which the previous action was nested.
* `additionalArgs` &ndash; a list of additional arguments to pass to `higherOrderActionCreator` before passing in the action from the cmd object.

#### Simulation

Simulating a `map` cmd simulates the nested cmd and passes the result through `tagger`. If the result is an array of actions, all of them are passed through `tagger`. If args are provided to the cmd, they are passed to `tagger`.

```js
const cmd1 = Cmd.run(sideEffect, {
  successActionCreator: result => actionCreator(result, 'hard coded')
});

const map = Cmd.map(cmd1, actionCreator2, 'extra arg');
const result = map.simulate({success: true, result: 123});
expect(result).toEqual(actionCreator2('extra arg', actionCreator(123, 'hard coded')));
```

#### Examples

**nestedState.js**
```js
function incrementAsync(amount) {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    setTimeout(() => (
      resolve(amount)
    ), 100);
  });
}

function incrementStart(amount) {
  return { type: 'INCREMENT_START', payload: amount };
}

function nestedReducer(state = 0, action) {
  switch (action.type) {
    case 'INCREMENT_START':
      return loop(
        state,
        Cmd.run(incrementAsync, {
           successActionCreator: incrementSuccessAction,
           failActionCreator: incremenetFailedAction,
           args: [action.payload]
        })
      );
    case 'INCREMENT':
      return loop(
        state + action.payload,
        Cmd.none
      );
    default:
      return loop(
        state,
        Cmd.none
      );
  }
}
```

**topState.js**
```js
import nestedReducer from './nestedState';

function nestedAction(action) {
  return { type: 'NESTED_ACTION', payload: action };
}

function reducer(state = { /* ... */ }, action) {
  switch(action.type) {
    // ... other top-level things

    case 'NESTED_ACTION':
      const [model, cmd] = nestedReducer(state.nestedCount, action.payload);
      return loop(
        { ...state, nestedCount: model },
        Cmd.map(cmd, nestedAction)
      );

    default:
      return state;
  }
}
```

## Cmd helper symbols

### `Cmd.getState`

A symbol that can be passed to a cmd object as an arg (from a reducer) that will be replaced at the time the function is called with the `getState()` method from the store.

#### Example

```js
import {loop, Cmd} from 'redux-loop';
import {doSomething} from 'something.js';
import {doSomethingResultAction} from './actions.js';
function reducer(state, action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'ACTION':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.run(doSomething, {
         successActionCreator: doSomethingResultAction,
         args: [Cmd.getState]
      })
    );
  default:
    return state;
  }
}

//something.js
export function doSomething(getState) {
  let value = getState().some.random.value;
  console.log(value);
}
```

### `Cmd.dispatch`

A symbol that can be passed to a cmd object as an arg (from a reducer) that will be replaced at the time the function is called with the `dispatch` method from the store.

#### Example

```js
import {loop, Cmd} from 'redux-loop';
import {doSomething} from 'something.js';
import {doSomethingResultAction} from './actions.js';
function reducer(state, action) {
  switch(action.type) {
  case 'ACTION':
    return loop(
      {...state, initStarted: true},
      Cmd.run(doSomething, {
         successActionCreator: doSomethingResultAction,
         args: [Cmd.dispatch]
      })
    );
  default:
    return state;
  }
}

//something.js
export function doSomething(dispatch) {
  let value = someThing();
  if(value === 123) {
    dispatch(valueIs123Action());
  }
  return value;
}
```
